our next guest has a unique perspective
on the President of the United States
one that I don't have Bruce or she is an
actor and director who either did or did
not receive one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to be or not be here
tonight please welcome stormy Daniels
[Applause]
[Music]
I had a pretty clear idea of what I want
to ask you tonight but then about like
three hours ago I go on the internet and
I get and I see this letter that pops up
it says official statement of stormy
Daniels to whom it may concern over the
past few weeks I've been asked countless
times to comment on reports of an
alleged sexual relationship I had with
Donald Trump many many many years ago
the fact of the matter is that each
party to this alleged affair denied its
existence in 2006 2011 2016 2017 now
again in 2018 I am NOT denying this
affair because I was paid hush money as
has been reported in overseas own
tabloids that Wall Street Journal I am
denying this affair because it never
happened I will have no further comment
on this matter please feel free to check
me out on instagram at at these stormy
Daniels craziest thing I read about
myself today what fascinates me your
original statement the signature on the
original statement does not match the
signature on this statement and I went
through my library of photographs of you
to compare it for headshots that you
have signed and these seem to match the
original statement am I getting at
anything did you sign this letter that
was released today I don't know wait a
minute that you can say it doesn't look
like your signature so you're saying
perhaps this letter was written and
released without your approval do you
know where it came from do you have any
idea I do not anyway you do not know
where it came from so you you did not so
you did not have anything to do with
this I also work for the FBI and I'm a
man according to the Internet is that
right yes well we'll have to do a full
examination
so do you think the president is
watching right now I like to imagine him
I don't want to imagine him well you
don't have to imagine him I mean so I
like to imagine him though like lying in
his bed with cheeseburger rappers just
all over them and he's like I was so
great at the State of the Union tonight
then he turns on the TV and he's like oh
no it's stormy why are you on that
talk-show when you could be here in bed
with me having the most fantastic
lovemaking of your entire life I'm glad
I didn't put food on my Ryder and all
right was it that unpleasant of an
experience pleasant picture you're
painting there uh-huh
that's fascinating I know you either do
or don't have a non-disclosure agreement
which if you didn't have a nondisclosure
agreement do you have a non-disclosure
agreement do I you can't say whether you
have a non-disclosure agreement but if
you didn't have a non-disclosure
agreement you most certainly could say I
don't have a non-disclosure agreement
yes
you're so smart Jimmy thank you very
much okay
there was a there was an interview of
course you know about this an In Touch
magazine in 2011 did you do that
interview uh not as it is written not as
it is written but they did release a
transcript of what you said is that
transcript incorrect I honestly haven't
seen the whole transcript you haven't no
I'm too scared to look at it let's go
through tonight you're at a golf
tournament Lake Tahoe you noticed Trump
looking at you on the course he
approached you in the gift room he asked
for your number
asked you to have dinner with him you
told him you would meet him in his room
he asked you meet him his room you
assumed you'd be going out to dinner
when you got there he was in pajama
pants he asked you a lot of questions
about the business side of the adult
film
[Laughter]
he told you you were very smart which
seems to be true and you should be on
the apprentice you said no you're not
gonna be able to get me on the
apprentice he said I can get you on the
apprentice you engaged in textbook
generic sex he did not use protection
afterwards he told me you want to see
you again and asked you to sign a copy
of one of your DVDs well he does have a
good taste I guess he kept calling you
for months after that you had dinner
with him at the Beverly Hills Hotel you
were there he was watching Shark Week
this detail is so like I mean if they
did make this up Shark Week that's not
even admit it you're right you're right
you said he's obsessed with and
terrified of sharks we all well not
necessarily obsessed with but yes most
of us are scared of sharks and that
night he told you he couldn't get you on
the Celebrity Apprentice is any of that
true true so do you feel like you're a
victim in any in any sense
lately yes lately you do a victim of
whom the Internet of the Internet yeah
you're reading things people are writing
about you I'm trying not and it upsets
you what did you think when Donald Trump
brought those three women who accused
Bill Clinton of sexual misdeeds to
debate in 2016 did that seem odd to you
particularly odd to you
odd no dirty yes and I know a lot about
dirty and even I wouldn't do that
appearing on this show your manager sent
an email and said would you like to have
store me in the show I was like yeah we
would love to have store me on the show
of course we would love to happen is
that does that do you feel any guilt at
all about discussing this even though
we're not specifically talking about the
details of what did or didn't happen but
it actually did happen but do you feel
any guilt like you feel any do you feel
guilt toward milania do you feel guilt
towards my family he says my daughter
and stuff has been exposed to things
that you know that you like it's like
her like I said they're just making up
random things on air like my if my
daughter was old enough to read the
Internet which she's not she would have
found out today that her mom is actually
her dad you said in the interview that
you could describe in detail Donald
Trump's junk do you use the word is
wrong with I don't know what's wrong
with me it's what is wrong with you is
the question we're gonna find out what's
wrong with stormy Daniels when we come
back look at those hands are they small
hands
and he referred to my hands if they're
small something else must be small I
guarantee you there's no problem I
guarantee alright he guarantees it
stormy not ask you need to say anything
about anything but I got three carats
here there's a carrot there's a crime
without any commentary would you like to
pick the carrot yeah I'm used to the
sparkly kind of carrots mm-hmm if you
pick a carrot you might get some of that
stuff no carrot you don't want to care
it
who wants a carrot well they're good for
your eyesight I know you can't answer
any questions because of this NDA that
you don't have but stormy puppet perhaps
can answer some questions
there's the puppet that we worked on for
literally hours and look who's here with
us
[Applause]
stormy you look fantastic welcome to the
golf tournament would you like my phone
number maybe we could have dinner
together here I'm the only person in the
world who doesn't do Donald's right oh
that's terrible yeah does this at all
seem familiar to you tighty-whities
[Laughter]
anything you want to say about this have
you ever played the game oh no I'm gonna
speak to the puppet because I don't want
you to get in trouble okay stormy puppet
have you ever played the game never have
I ever you have is that a yes or no
that's a yes okay now we're gonna play a
little never have I ever I'm gonna ask
you a few questions about various things
and you go ahead like SVU episode here
it is now if you have this always if you
have done something don't move if you
haven't done it shake your head no okay
sorry puppet okay all right here we go
never have I ever gone skinny-dipping
[Music]
okay that means you've done skinny dummy
never have I ever shoplifted
oh never have I ever had sex with a
married man I forgot if that's yes or no
that was yeah oh that's yes okay I bet
it I know never have I ever had sex with
a married man
at a golf tournament ah good good never
have I ever watched Shark Week in a
hotel room with the host of a reality
show she's not moving never have I ever
had sex with someone who fired Gary
Busey on TV
I actually don't know the answer to that
oh yeah
Donald Trump oh yeah yeah so go ahead
[Applause]
wait a minute you wanted to be on
Celebrity Apprentice you never even saw
it
[Laughter]
if Arnold Schwarzenegger does another
edition that Celebrity Apprentice
they're gonna sign you right up I mean
there's no question about it
well this was an unsuccessful experiment
we'll try one more thing you will take a
break stormy Daniels is here we'll be
right back
storming one last thing did you have you
ever made love to anyone whose name
rhymes with Ronald lump yeah I call you
whatever you want me to call you baby
yeah
stormy Daniels everybody thank you for
being here hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this
is the Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it